Do not log failed rule insertions in the speedy mode for more vendor-prefixed pseudo-elements/classes (#2393)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/pink-olives-try.md

---
'@emotion/sheet': patch
---

> Do not log failed rule insertions in the speedy mode for more vendor-prefixed pseudo-elements/classes like `::-moz-placeholder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not log failed rule insertions in the speedy mode for even more vendor-prefixed pseudo-elements/classes like `:-moz-focus-inner`, `:-moz-focusring`, and `:-ms-clear`.
```
